README.md, before:

# Fresh
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/pilu/fresh](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/pilu/fresh?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pilu/fresh.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pilu/fresh)

Fresh is a command line tool that builds and (re)starts your web application everytime you save a Go or template file.

If the web framework you are using supports the Fresh runner, it will show build errors on your browser.

It currently works with [Traffic](https://github.com/pilu/traffic), [Martini](https://github.com/codegangsta/martini) and [gocraft/web](https://github.com/gocraft/web).

## Installation

    go get github.com/pilu/fresh

## Usage

    cd /path/to/myapp

Start fresh:

    fresh

Fresh will watch for file events, and every time you create/modify/delete a file it will build and restart the application.
If `go build` returns an error, it will log it in the tmp folder.

[Traffic](https://github.com/pilu/traffic) already has a middleware that shows the content of that file if it is present. This middleware is automatically added if you run a Traffic web app in dev mode with Fresh.
Check the `_examples` folder if you want to use it with Martini or Gocraft Web.

`fresh` uses `./runner.conf` for configuration by default, but you may specify an alternative config filepath using `-c`:

    fresh -c other_runner.conf

Here is a sample config file with the default settings:

    root:              .
    tmp_path:          ./tmp
    build_name:        runner-build
    build_log:         runner-build-errors.log
    valid_ext:         .go, .tpl, .tmpl, .html
    no_rebuild_ext:    .tpl, .tmpl, .html
    ignored:           assets, tmp
    build_delay:       600
    colors:            1
    log_color_main:    cyan
    log_color_build:   yellow
    log_color_runner:  green
    log_color_watcher: magenta
    log_color_app:


## Author

* [Andrea Franz](http://gravityblast.com)

## More

* [Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/d/forum/golang-fresh)

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Possible to specify main.go file dir

README.md, after:

# Fresh

It seems like the `github.com/pilu/fresh` is dead or very inactive, so I forked it and do some fixes on my own.

All credits to the original author!

Fresh is a command line tool that builds and (re)starts your web application everytime you save a Go or template file.

If the web framework you are using supports the Fresh runner, it will show build errors on your browser.

It currently works with [Traffic](https://github.com/pilu/traffic), [Martini](https://github.com/codegangsta/martini) and [gocraft/web](https://github.com/gocraft/web).

## Installation

    go get github.com/JacobSoderblom/fresh

## Usage

    cd /path/to/myapp

Start fresh:

    fresh

Fresh will watch for file events, and every time you create/modify/delete a file it will build and restart the application.
If `go build` returns an error, it will log it in the tmp folder.

[Traffic](https://github.com/pilu/traffic) already has a middleware that shows the content of that file if it is present. This middleware is automatically added if you run a Traffic web app in dev mode with Fresh.
Check the `_examples` folder if you want to use it with Martini or Gocraft Web.

`fresh` uses `./runner.conf` for configuration by default, but you may specify an alternative config filepath using `-c`:

    fresh -c other_runner.conf

Here is a sample config file with the default settings:

    main:              ./cmd/app
    root:              .
    tmp_path:          ./tmp
    build_name:        runner-build
    build_log:         runner-build-errors.log
    valid_ext:         .go, .tpl, .tmpl, .html
    no_rebuild_ext:    .tpl, .tmpl, .html
    ignored:           assets, tmp
    build_delay:       600
    colors:            1
    log_color_main:    cyan
    log_color_build:   yellow
    log_color_runner:  green
    log_color_watcher: magenta
    log_color_app:


## Author

* [Andrea Franz](http://gravityblast.com)

## More

* [Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/d/forum/golang-fresh)

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
